This is a translation in pdf format without the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) markups of the digitally signed original which was prepared in Latvian and submitted in machine-readable .xhtml format to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com/) A/S „SAF Tehnika” Consolidated annual report and separate annual report for the year ended 30 June 2023 (Translation from Latvian) 2 A/S „SAF TEHNIKA” CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT AND SEPARATE ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023 This is translation of the Company’s separate financial statements and Group’s consolidated financial statements in pdf-format without European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) markups, from the digitally signed original, which was prepared in Latvian and submitted in machine-readable .xhtml format to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com/). Content Page Management report 3 – 4 Statement of the Board’s responsibility 5 Consolidated and separate financial statements: Consolidated and separate statement of financial position 6 Consolidated and separate statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 7 Consolidated and separate statement of changes in the shareholders’ equity 8 Consolidated and separate statement of cash flows 9 Notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements 10 – 38 Independent auditors’ report 3 A/S „SAF TEHNIKA” CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT AND SEPARATE ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023 This is translation of the Company’s separate financial statements and Group’s consolidated financial statements in pdf-format without European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) markups, from the digitally signed original, which was prepared in Latvian and submitted in machine-readable .xhtml format to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com/). Management Report Business activity SAF Tehnika JSC and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as the Group) design, manufacture, and distribute digital microwave transmission equipment. The Group’s activities can be divided into three categories: • Digital microwave radio equipment for voice and data transmission; • Microwave spectrum analyzers and signal generators; • Wireless sensor network solutions for environmental monitoring (IoT – Internet of Things segments) The Group’s accumulated experience and knowledge has allowed to develop a range of innovative products, including launching and developing a series of the world’s smallest microwave spectrum analyzers Spectrum Compact, as well as creating the Aranet brand of wireless sensor network solutions. The Group offers comprehensive and cost-effective solutions in both public and private sectors. In the financial year (FY) 2022/2023, the Group’s net turnover amounted to EUR 37.26 million, which is EUR 3.3 million or 9.7% more than in the previous financial year 2021/2022. The net turnover of the Parent company in FY 2022/2023 was EUR 32.04 million, which is EUR 2.91 million or 10% more than in the previous FY 2021/2022. The turnover of the American region, which accounts for sales in both North, South and Central Americas, represented 72% of the Group’s annual turnover and amounted to EUR 26.75 million, which is by 43.4% more than last year. Marketing, sales, product warehousing and logistics services of the Group’s products in the US and Canada were provided by the US-based subsidiary – SAF North America LLC. Sales in the European and CIS region were EUR 3.5 million lower than in the previous year. The decline is also observed in the AMEA (Asia, Middle East, Africa) region. In the reporting year, a subsidiary in Singapore was established with the aim of increasing presence and promoting business development (especially in the IoT segment) in the Asia-Pacific region. Its mission is to provide customers in the Asia-Pacific region with custom-designed and efficient wireless data transmission and sensor solutions. Products and services are intended for both private and public enterprises that need to provide high-quality wireless data transmission both in telecommunications projects and in many industry segments where the IoT ecosystem could be applied. During the reporting year, development of new products continued, as well as work is underway on new faster product implementations. On average, the product life cycle for microwave wireless data transmission equipment in the industry is estimated at about 5 years, when the products of the previous generation are replaced by newer and more modern devices. Transition between technologies is a gradual process and will happen over several years. Also, the Group offered product-related services and continued to develop specific and individual customer-requested functionality for SAF Tehnika JSC products. Despite the modernization of the Telecommunications market in the direction of fiber-optic communications, there is still demand in the market for radio systems that provide enhanced data rates. Consequently, the Group continues to actively explore the market and problematic issues in order to be able to offer the necessary product modifications and create prototypes for next generation technologies. At the same time, the Group also develops IoT segment solutions in business and consumer segments to diversify, to create higher added value for SAF Tehnika product offering, as well as to increase the Group’s revenue. The Group’s sales revenue in countries outside Latvia accounted for 99.09% (98.94% for the Parent company, respectively) of the total turnover and amounted to EUR 36.92 million (EUR 31.7 million for the Parent company). In the reporting year, the Group sold its products in 85 countries around the world. The Group’s cash balance at the end of the year was EUR 3.46 million (EUR 1.54 million for the Parent company, respectively), which is EUR 683 thousand (EUR 376 thousand for the Parent company, respectively) more than at the end of the previous reporting year. To ensure liquidity, in August of the reporting year, the Parent company entered into a Credit Line Agreement with Luminor Bank AS for the total amount of EUR 4.95 million. At the end of the reporting period, the use of the credit line was EUR 1.2 million. In the reporting year, the Group paid dividends in the amount of EUR 2.02 million. During the reporting year, the Group invested EUR 1.76 million in the acquisition of IT infrastructure, production and research equipment, software and licenses, product certification, as well as in the renovation of premises. 4 A/S „SAF TEHNIKA” CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT AND SEPARATE ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023 This is translation of the Company’s separate financial statements and Group’s consolidated financial statements in pdf-format without European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) markups, from the digitally signed original, which was prepared in Latvian and submitted in machine-readable .xhtml format to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com/). Management Report (continued) The Group’s operations were long affected by the global shortage of various electronic components. By regularly reviewing procurement volumes and deadlines, the company accumulated material reserves (inventories) to be able to fulfil most of the orders within normal lead times. Following the precautionary principle and the Group’s policy on slowmoving stocks – the stocks that over the period of 12, 9 or 6 months, respectively, have moved by less than 30% of their amount at the beginning of the period are recognized as slow-moving inventory. Total provisions for slow-moving inventory (compared to the volume at the end of the fourth quarter of the previous financial year) increased by EUR 2.2 million. The Group completed the financial year 2022/2023 with a profit of EUR 3.53 million (the Parent company with EUR 3.12 million, respectively). The result of the Group’s activities for the previous financial year was a profit of EUR 6.09 million (EUR 5.75 million for the Parent company, respectively). Research and development A success factor and a prerequisite for the Group’s long-term existence is its ability to ensure continuous product development. During the reporting year, the development and improvement of the microwave wireless data transmission product line continued. Solutions were found to improve functionality and quality indicators, and to reduce production costs. The Group continued to design and develop the Aranet functionality within the IoT environmental monitoring solution, as well as kept working on the development of the Aranet Cloud service. Aranet is an industrial-grade wireless environmental monitoring solution that allows taking measurements of various environmental parameters over a wide area, including monitoring of temperature, humidity, and CO2. Spectrum Compact metering products are regularly supplemented with new functionalities and accessories. There are developments both for the release of new products, and for the improvement and refinement of existing ones. Technologically, SAF Tehnika products are interconnected. The development and existence of such products provides a wider range of the Group’s offerings. During the reporting period, the Group’s product development projects received co-financing in the amount of EUR 99 thousand from the Latvian electrical and optical equipment industry competence center “LEO Pētījumu centrs” SIA. Future prospects SAF Tehnika JSC has an extensive experience and long-standing expertise in the development and production of microwave transmission equipment. The Group is able to supply excellent, high-quality products to the general market, as well as to successfully develop niche solutions. The Group’s task is to further develop the next generation of data transmission equipment, continue to produce high-quality products for the microwave data communication market, looking for innovative ideas for microwave data transmission applications. It is planned to continue to offer not only standardized solutions, but also product modifications to meet specific customer needs. The goal is to stabilize the level of turnover, which provides a positive net result in the long term. The Group will continue its established market strategy, focusing on strategic market niches for both products and regions. Although the direct impact on the Group’s activities has been relatively limited after the outbreak of hostilities in Ukraine by Russia, the general uncertainty in the business environment remains. The Group continues to monitor forecasts of possible cost increases and assess potential risks. The company regularly reviews procurement volumes and deadlines, and continues to provide material reserves in order to be able to fulfil most of the orders within normal lead times. This applies to all SAF product families – microwave links, Spectrum Compact and Aranet. The Group looks positively at projections for future operational periods, however, remains cautious, and the Board of the Parent company refrains from making any statements about future sales and financial results. Subsequent events During the period between the last day of the reporting year and the date of signing of these financial statements, there have been no events that would significantly affect the financial situation of the Group and/or the Parent company as of June 30, 2023, and/or financial results and cash flows for the relevant reporting year. Board’s proposal for distribution of profit The Board of the Parent company proposes to keep the profit for the reporting year as retained earnings. The Corporate Governance Report for 2022/2023 has also been submitted to Nasdaq Riga AS together with this separate and consolidated Annual Financial Report 2022/2023 by SAF Tehnika JSC. On behalf of the Board, /digitally signed/ Normunds Bergs Chairman of the Board 5 A/S „SAF TEHNIKA” CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL REPORT AND SEPARATE ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023 This is translation of the Company’s separate financial statements and Group’s consolidated financial statements in pdf-format without European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) markups, from the digitally signed original, which was prepared in Latvian and submitted in machine-readable .xhtml format to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com/). STATEMENT OF THE BOARD’S RESPONSIBILITY The Board of SAF Tehnika A/S is responsible for preparing separate and consolidated annual reports of SAF Tehnika A/S. The separate and consolidated annual reports set out on pages 6 to 38 and are prepared in accordance with the source documents and present fairly the financial position of SAF Tehnika A/S (Parent company) and SAF Tehnika A/S and its subsidiaries (the Group) as at 30 June 2023 and their results of financial performance and cash flows for the year ended on 30 June 2023. The above-mentioned financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union on a going concern basis. Appropriate accounting policies have been applied on a consistent basis. Prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates have been made by the Board in the preparation of the financial statements. The Board of SAF Tehnika A/S is responsible for the maintenance of proper accounting records, the safeguarding of the Group's and the Parent company’s assets and the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities in the Group and the Parent company. The Board is also responsible for compliance with requirements of legal acts of the countries where Group companies and the Parent company operate. On behalf of the Board, /digitally signed/ Normunds Bergs Chairman of the Board