IPAS “INDEXO” UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM REPORT FOR JANURY – MARCH 2022 1 (Translation of Latvian original) 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 “Indexo” Group results: 14 15 • • • • • 16 17 redit losses 18 19 oss hare option exercise 20 21 – “ “ 22 23 • • • 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 Remuneration policy 40 mpany 41 Share options Employee stock option scheme • • • • • • • 42 PhaseI management stock option scheme • • • • • • • 43 PhaseII management stock option scheme • • • • • • • 44 45 46 47 48 49 • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 -2 707 396-2 707 3962 707 396--321 489321 489321 489--61 58361 58361 583--608 361608 361608 361--46 66546 66546 665--73 15573 15573 155 -7 231 123-7 231 1237 231 123--220 190220 190220 190--11 66311 66311 663--89 07289 07289 072--90 46890 46890 468--56 27956 27956 279-982 789-982 789982 789--317 911317 911317 911--61 58361 58361 583--113 903113 903113 903--46 66546 66546 665--59 27859 27859 278 60 -4 970 780-4 970 7804 970 780--388 743388 743388 743--11 66311 66311 663--70 66970 66970 669--90 46890 46890 468--40 25040 25040 250 61 62 63 PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA Kr. Valdemāra iela 21-21, RĪga, LV-1010, Latvia, LV40003142793 T: +371 6709 4400, F:+371 6783 0055, www.pwc.lv This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). Independent Auditor’s Report To the Shareholders IPAS "Indexo" Our opinion In our opinion, the consolidated and separate financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated and separate financial position of IPAS "Indexo" (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) as at 31 December 2023, and the Group’s consolidated and the Company’s separate financial performance and consolidated and separate cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2023 in accordance with the IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the European Union (EU). Our opinion is consistent with our additional report to the Audit Committee dated 26 February 2024. What we have audited The Group’s consolidated and the Company’s separate financial statements (together “the financial statements”) comprise: • the consolidated and separate statements of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023, • the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 31 December 2023, • the consolidated and separate statements of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2023, • the consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2023, and • the notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information. Basis for opinion We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing adopted in the Republic of Latvia (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the Audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. Independence We are independent of the Group and the Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and the ethical requirements of the Law on Audit Services that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the Republic of Latvia. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code and the ethical requirements of the Law on Audit Services. To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services that we have provided to the Group and the Company are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in the Republic of Latvia and that we have not provided non-audit services that are prohibited under Article 37.6 of Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia. The non-audit services that we have provided to the Group and the Company in the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 are disclosed in Note 27 to the financial statements. This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). Our audit approach Overview  Overall Group materiality: EUR 120 thousand, which represents approximately 5% of loss before tax.  Overall Company materiality: EUR 90 thousand, which represents approximately 1% of net assets.  We have audited the separate financial statements of the Company.  We have performed selected audit procedures over the significant balances and transactions of other subsidiaries.  Our audit scope covered substantially all of the Group’s revenue and substantially all of the Group’s total assets.  Commission and fee income (the Group and the Company) As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. Materiality The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements. Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall Group and Company materiality separately for the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole. Overall materiality Overall materiality applied to the Group was EUR 120 thousand and to the Company was EUR 90 thousand. How we determined it Approximately 5% of the Group’s loss before tax for 2023 and approximately 1% of the Company’s net assets at 31 December 2023. Materiality Group scoping Key audit matters This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). Rationale for the materiality benchmark applied We chose the Group’s loss before tax because, in our view, it is the benchmark which is most appropriate in the circumstances where the Group’s established subsidiary is focused on bank’s development, not generating income from economic activity but concluding the year with a loss of EUR 2,569 thousand, which represents approximately 89% of the Group’s loss before tax. We chose the Company’s net assets because, in our view, it is the benchmark which is most appropriate for an asset management business where sufficiency of regulatory capital is of most importance in the first years of operations while assets under management reach the volumes to generate sufficient income. We chose 5% for loss before tax and 1% for net assets, which is within the range of accepted quantitative materiality thresholds for a public interest entity. We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above EUR 12 thousand for the Group and EUR 9 thousand for the Company, as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons. Key audit matters Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter. Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter Commission and fee income Refer to Note 4 “Commission and fee income” of the financial statements. Commission and fee income is the main source of external revenue for the Group and the Company, therefore verification of the occurrence and accuracy of commission and fee income was the main focus area of our audit. Remuneration for the management of the state funded pension scheme (SFPS) investment plans and private pension plans is calculated by multiplying the amount of interest specified in the plans’ prospectuses by the average net asset value per year. The management fee is calculated and accumulated daily, but settlement is made once a month. The prospectus of the state funded pension plans and private pension plans do not foresee We assessed that the Group’s and the Company’s accounting policies in relation to commission and fee income recognition are based on IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU. We selected a sample of the transactions and verified the accuracy of commission and fee calculation by multiplying the net assets of the plan with the percentages specified in the prospectus of the respective plan. We reconciled the results of our testing with those recognised by the Group and the Company. We also performed substantive testing over completeness and accuracy of the net assets of the plans to ensure the underlying data used in calculation of the commission and fee income is reliable. We also verified supporting documents to confirm This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). performance fee income. the occurrence of the transactions and that the commission and fee income was recorded in the correct service period. We also verified that the Group’s and the Company’s managed state funded and private pension plans’ performance fee as determined in the prospectus is nil. We tested the disclosures in the financial statements in respect of commission and fee income. How we tailored our Group audit scope We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls and the industry in which the Group operates. The Group engagement team carried out audit work on the Company’s financial statements and performed selected audit procedures over the significant balances and transactions of other subsidiaries. Our audit work addressed substantially all of the Group’s revenues and the Group’s total assets. Reporting on other information including the Management Report Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:  Information on the Group, as set out on page 3 of the accompanying Annual Report;  Management Report, as set out on pages 4 to 15 of the accompanying Annual Report;  Statement of responsibility of the management board, as set out on page 16 of the accompanying Annual Report;  Corporate governance report, set out in a separate statement prepared and signed by the Company's management on 26 February 2024 and available on the Company's website https://indexo.lv as at the date of this audit report,  Remuneration report, set out in a separate statement prepared and signed by the Company's management on 26 February 2024 and available on the Company's website https://indexo.lv as at the date of this audit report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information identified above. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the Management Report, we also performed the procedures required by Law on Audit Services. Those procedures include considering whether the Management Report is prepared in accordance with the requirements of the applicable legislation. In accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Corporate governance report, our responsibility is to consider whether the Corporate governance report includes the information required in accordance with Article 56.1, section 1, clauses 3., 4., 6., 8. and 9., as well as Article 56.2, section 2, clause 5 of the Financial Instruments Market Law and whether it includes This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). the information stipulated in Article 56.2, section 2, clauses 1., 2., 3., 4., 7. and 8. of the Financial Instruments Market Law. Furthermore, in accordance with the Law on Audit Services of the Republic of Latvia with respect to the Remuneration report, our responsibility is to consider whether the Remuneration report includes the information in accordance with the requirements of Article 59.4 of the Financial Instruments Market Law and whether we have identified material inconsistencies with the financial information included in the annual report. Based on the work undertaken in the course of our audit, in our opinion, in all material respects:  the information given in the Management Report and the Information on the Group for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements,  the Management Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Financial and Capital Market Commission Regulation No 113 “Regulation on preparation of the annual report and consolidated annual report of credit institutions, investment brokerage companies and investment management companies”,  the Corporate Governance report, set out in a separate statement prepared and signed by the Company's management on 26 February 2024 and available on the Company's website https://indexo.lv as at the date of this audit report, includes, the information in accordance with Article 56.1, section 1, clauses 3., 4., 6., 8. and 9., as well as Article 56.2, section 2, clause 5 of the Financial Instruments Market Law and it includes the information stipulated in Article 56.2, section 2, clauses 1., 2., 3., 4., 7. and 8. of the Financial Instruments Market Law.  the Remuneration report, set out in a separate statement prepared and signed by the Company's management on 26 February 2024 and available on the Company's website https://indexo.lv as at the date of this audit report, includes the information in accordance with Article 59.4 of the Financial Instruments Market Law and we have not identified material inconsistencies with the financial information included in the annual report. In addition, in light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and the Company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit, we are required to report if we have identified material misstatements in the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this respect. Responsibilities of management and those charged with governance for the financial statements Management is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as adopted by the EU and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s and the Company’s financial reporting process. Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s internal control.  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.  Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). Report on other legal and regulatory requirements Report on the compliance of the presentation of consolidated financial statements with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format (“ESEF”) We have been engaged based on our agreement of 23 February 2024 by the Management Board of the Company to conduct a reasonable assurance engagement for the verification of compliance with the applicable requirements of the presentation of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements”). Description of a subject matter and applicable criteria The Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements has been applied by the Management Board of the Company to comply with the requirements of art. 3 and 4 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 of 17 December 2018 supplementing Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format (the “ESEF Regulation”). The applicable requirements regarding the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are contained in the ESEF Regulation. The requirements described in the preceding sentence determine the basis for application of the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements and, in our view, constitute appropriate criteria to form a reasonable assurance conclusion. Responsibility of the Management Board and the Council The Management Board of the Company is responsible for the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements that complies with the requirements of the ESEF Regulation. This responsibility includes the selection and application of appropriate markups in iXBRL using ESEF taxonomy and designing, implementing and maintaining internal controls relevant for the preparation of the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements which is free from material noncompliance with the requirements of the ESEF Regulation. Members of the Council are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process, which should also be understood as the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with the format resulting from the ESEF Regulation. Our responsibility Our responsibility was to express a reasonable assurance conclusion whether the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements complies, in all material respects, with the ESEF Regulation. We conducted our engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (R) ‘Assurance Engagements other than Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ (ISAE 3000(R)). This standard requires that we comply with ethical requirements, plan and perform procedures to obtain reasonable assurance whether the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements complies, in all material aspects, with the applicable requirements. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it does not guarantee that the service performed in accordance with ISAE 3000 (R) will always detect the existing material misstatement (significant non-compliance with the requirements). Quality management requirements and professional ethics This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). We apply International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We comply with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. Summary of the work performed Our planned and performed procedures were aimed at obtaining reasonable assurance that the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements complies, in all material aspects, with the applicable requirements and such compliance is free from material errors or omissions. Our procedures included in particular:  obtaining an understanding of the internal control system and processes relevant to the application of the Electronic Reporting Format of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the preparation of the XHTML format and marking up the consolidated financial statements;  verification whether the XHTML format was applied properly;  evaluating the completeness of marking up the consolidated financial statements using the iXBRL markup language according to the requirements of the implementation of electronic format as described in the ESEF Regulation;  evaluating the appropriateness of the Group’s' use of XBRL markups selected from the ESEF taxonomy and the creation of extension markups where no suitable element in the ESEF taxonomy has been identified; and  evaluating the appropriateness of anchoring of the extension elements to the ESEF taxonomy. We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion. Conclusion In our opinion, based on the procedures performed, the Presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements complies, in all material respects, with the ESEF Regulation. Appointment We were first appointed as auditors by the Company’s shareholders’ resolution on 15 July 2020. This is the fourth year of our audit. PricewaterhouseCoopers SIA Certified audit company Licence No. 5 This is a translation of the original independent auditor's report prepared in Latvian and issued on the financial statements of Investment management joint-stock company “Indexo”, which were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the European Single Electronic Format. This translated version of independent auditor's report does not relate to the English version of the financial statements prepared in a pdf format and is prepared to satisfy the needs of English speaking stakeholders of the issuer. The original financial statements in machine-readable .xhtml format together with original independent auditor's report are submitted to the Nasdaq Riga Stock Exchange (Link: https://nasdaqbaltic.com). /signed digitally/ Ilandra Lejiņa Certified auditor in charge Certificate No. 168 Member of the Board Riga, Latvia 26 February 2024 Independent Auditor's Report is signed electronically with a secure electronic signature and contains a time stamp.